Fusion_PyMOL/README.md, before:

# Fusion PyMOL
This directory contains several tools to use for fusion protein processing. 

## Prerequisites

Download and install [PyMOL](https://pymol.org/2/?#download) in your system. The tools were 
tested on MacOS Big Sur 11.1, yet these scripts should work on Linux systems as well. 

## Usage

The coloring is done using:  
`pymol main.py -- [parameter_file]`  

Example run:  
`pymol main.py -- param.txt` 

## Parameter file

All configurations about the coloring are written in the parameter file. This file contains attributes 
that are labelled as:  
* `fusion:` path to the PDB file of the fusion construct  
* `protein_1:` path to the PDB file of the first protein in the fusion  
* `length_1:` length of the first protein (number of residues)  
* `active_sites_1:` residues that form active sites of the first protein (residues in the same 
active site are separated with `+`, different active sites are separated with whitespace)  
* `protein_2:` path to the PDB file of the second protein in the fusion
* `length_2:`  length of the second protein (number of residues)  
* `active_sites_2:` residues that form active sites of the second protein (residues in the same 
active site are separated with `+`, different active sites are separated with whitespace)  
* `linker:` residues that compose the linker  
* `linker_repeats:` how many times the `linker` residues are used  
* `colors:`  colors given in hex code that are used to color the system (more information below)

It should be noted that after each attribute a colon `:` symbol should be added.  
Additionally there is an example of such file (`param.txt`) deposited in this repository:  

```
fusion: PDB/GSG_after_md.pdb

protein_1: PDB/templates/N_term.pdb
length_1: 562
active_sites_1: 251+278+279 163+461

protein_2: PDB/templates/C_term.pdb
length_2: 395
active_sites_2: 309+342+347

linker: GSG
linker_repeats: 1

colors: 0x002733 0x054d54 0x1b8489 0xef9f8d 0xfccec0 0x00fbff
```

### Colors
Colors should be provided in the format: `0x[hex_code]`. The script takes in 6 colors. 

1. The color of the darkest tone used for labels
2. The color that can be used for template files 
3. The color that is devoted for the fusion protein system
4. The color that can be used for template files
5. The color that is used to color active sites
6. The color for linker

## Functions
This repository contains functions that are used for fusion protein structure manipulation. This
library provides possibility to **color** fusion protein system with a customizable palette 
of colors, make a **structural alignment** with homolog (template) structures, and **calculate
distance** between active sites of the fused proteins.  

### parse_parameters.py
A module that contains a function to parse attributes that are required for other modules.

### color_fusion.py
A module that contains fucntions to color fusion protein system: the whole construct, the linker, 
and the active sites of each of the fused proteins.   

### calculate_distance.py
A module that contains a function to calculate distance between active sites (that were 
provided in parameters file as the first ones) and visualise them in the PyMOL.

### center_of_mass.py
A module that is required for `calculate_distance.py` module to pick points that would 
represent the active sites for distance calculation. This script was obtained from [PyMOL Wiki](https://pymolwiki.org/index.php/Center_of_mass).

## License
[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

Commit message:

Making description more accurate (naming tools a library for fusion protein manipulation)

Fusion_PyMOL/README.md, after:

# Fusion PyMOL
This directory contains a library that is created to use for fusion protein processing. 

## Prerequisites

Download and install [PyMOL](https://pymol.org/2/?#download) in your system. The tools were 
tested on MacOS Big Sur 11.1, yet these functions should work on Linux systems as well. 

## Usage

The coloring is done using:  
`pymol main.py -- [parameter_file]`  

Example run:  
`pymol main.py -- param.txt` 

## Parameter file

All configurations about the coloring are written in the parameter file. This file contains attributes 
that are labelled as:  
* `fusion:` path to the PDB file of the fusion construct  
* `protein_1:` path to the PDB file of the first protein in the fusion  
* `length_1:` length of the first protein (number of residues)  
* `active_sites_1:` residues that form active sites of the first protein (residues in the same 
active site are separated with `+`, different active sites are separated with whitespace)  
* `protein_2:` path to the PDB file of the second protein in the fusion
* `length_2:`  length of the second protein (number of residues)  
* `active_sites_2:` residues that form active sites of the second protein (residues in the same 
active site are separated with `+`, different active sites are separated with whitespace)  
* `linker:` residues that compose the linker  
* `linker_repeats:` how many times the `linker` residues are used  
* `colors:`  colors given in hex code that are used to color the system (more information below)

It should be noted that after each attribute a colon `:` symbol should be added.  
Additionally there is an example of such file (`param.txt`) deposited in this repository:  

```
fusion: PDB/GSG_after_md.pdb

protein_1: PDB/templates/N_term.pdb
length_1: 562
active_sites_1: 251+278+279 163+461

protein_2: PDB/templates/C_term.pdb
length_2: 395
active_sites_2: 309+342+347

linker: GSG
linker_repeats: 1

colors: 0x002733 0x054d54 0x1b8489 0xef9f8d 0xfccec0 0x00fbff
```

### Colors
Colors should be provided in the format: `0x[hex_code]`. The script takes in 6 colors. 

1. The color of the darkest tone used for labels
2. The color that can be used for template files 
3. The color that is devoted for the fusion protein system
4. The color that can be used for template files
5. The color that is used to color active sites
6. The color for linker

## Functions
This repository contains functions that are used for fusion protein structure manipulation. This
library provides possibility to **color** fusion protein system with a customizable palette 
of colors, make a **structural alignment** with homolog (template) structures, and **calculate
distance** between active sites of the fused proteins.  

### parse_parameters.py
A module that contains a function to parse attributes that are required for other modules.

### color_fusion.py
A module that contains fucntions to color fusion protein system: the whole construct, the linker, 
and the active sites of each of the fused proteins.   

### calculate_distance.py
A module that contains a function to calculate distance between active sites (that were 
provided in parameters file as the first ones) and visualise them in the PyMOL.

### center_of_mass.py
A module that is required for `calculate_distance.py` module to pick points that would 
represent the active sites for distance calculation. This script was obtained from [PyMOL Wiki](https://pymolwiki.org/index.php/Center_of_mass).

## License
[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)
