Molecular_Dynamics/README.md, before:

# Molecular Dynamics Running Script

This directory contains molecular dynamics bundle with .mdp files and Perl scripts that can 
be used for molecular dynamics simulations.

## Prerequisites
Download and install [Perl](https://www.perl.org/get.html).  
Install [GROMACS](https://manual.gromacs.org/documentation/current/install-guide/index.html).

## copy_dir.pl
A script that copies the directory that has required .mdp files and Perl scripts for molecular 
dynamics simulations.

### Usage
`perl copy_dir.pl [path_to_new_directory]`

## generate_system_gro.pl
A script that runs needed GROMACS commands to get the number of atoms in the gro system.
The system is the one that has a protein solvated in the solution determined by ions.mdp file.

### Usage
`perl generate_system_gro.pl [path_to_protein_file]`

## protein_md.pl
A script that runs needed GROMACS molecular dynamics of the protein.

### Usage
`perl protein_md.pl [path_to_protein_file]`

## clean.pl
A script that cleans the working directory from all files that were generated by GROMACS MD workflow.  

### Usage
`perl clean.pl`

## License
[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

Commit message:

Atomic and CG simulation separation

Molecular_Dynamics/README.md, after:

# Molecular Dynamics Running Script

This directory contains molecular dynamics bundle with .mdp files and Perl scripts that can 
be used for molecular dynamics simulations.

## Prerequisites
Download and install [Perl](https://www.perl.org/get.html).  
Install [GROMACS](https://manual.gromacs.org/documentation/current/install-guide/index.html).

## Atomic simulations
The files required for atomic molecular dynamics simulations can be found in `atomic` folder. 
It contains 4 Perl scripts to run simulations and .mdp files that contain parameters for MD
simulations.

### copy_dir.pl
A script that copies the directory that has required .mdp files and Perl scripts for molecular 
dynamics simulations.

The command to use:  
`perl copy_dir.pl [path_to_new_directory]`

### generate_system_gro.pl
A script that runs needed GROMACS commands to get the number of atoms in the gro system.
The system is the one that has a protein solvated in the solution determined by ions.mdp file.

The command to use:  
`perl generate_system_gro.pl [path_to_protein_file]`

### protein_md.pl
A script that runs needed GROMACS molecular dynamics of the protein.

The command to use:  
`perl protein_md.pl [path_to_protein_file]`

### clean.pl
A script that cleans the working directory from all files that were generated by GROMACS MD workflow.  

The command to use:  
`perl clean.pl`

## Coarse-grained simulations
The files required for coarse-grained molecular dynamics simulations can be found in 
`CG` folder. This folder contains [`martinize.py`](http://cgmartini.nl/index.php/tools2/proteins-and-bilayers/204-martinize)
script adjusted for Python3, water.gro file (downloaded from [link](http://cgmartini.nl/index.php/downloads/example-applications/63-pure-water-solvent) in
MARTINI 2 [Protein tutorial](http://cgmartini.nl/index.php/tutorials-general-introduction-gmx5/proteins-gmx5) 
page) and .mdp files: em.mdp, md.mdp were taken from the folder `atomic` that
is devoted for atomic molecular dynamics simulations and eq.mdp was taken from the worked
files [archyve](http://cgmartini.nl/images/stories/tutorial/2017/protein-tutorial-v2016.3/soluble-protein/ubiquitin.tgz)
that can be found in the tutorial link.

## License
[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)
